Open main1.py. Before running it, what do you expect this program to do? 
A: I expect the program to print a statment, accept a response, and then quit after the user presses enter.
Now right click on the window and select “Run Python File in Terminal”. Click in the bottom panel, and answer the question. Describe what happened. 
A: The program printed a statement and allowed input, but then ended after an input was in.
What do you think the program did with what you typed?
A: The program did nothing with the input because it wasn't assigned to a variable.


Open main2.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main1.py. 
A: The program is primarily different than main.py in that it assigns the user's input to a variable, thus allowing for later callback.
What do you think the color = input() will do? 
A: Giving the user's input a variable allows it to be saved and printed after the response is sent. 
Run the program in the terminal and answer the question. Did the program do what you expected?
A: The program prompted a question, allowed a response, and then printed said response later, which is what I expected. 



Open main3.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main2.py. 
A: main3.py is different than main2.py because it now only accepts 'Red' as the correct answer and will print a statement if you're right or wrong.
What is happening on lines 11–14? 
A: lines 11-14 contain an 'if/else' statment that allows the program to check the validity of an input, thus making a decision based on the result. 
Why are lines 12 and 14 indented? 
A: Lines 12 and 14 are indented because they are designated to run as part of the function or statment above.
Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you don’t capitalize Red? 
A: If the R in Red isn't capitalized the program will count it as incorrect.
What does this tell you about "color"?
A: This tells me that 'color' is case-sensitive because it can only read one response as correct. 


Open main4.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main2.py. 
A: main4.py is differnt because it allows color to include upper-case and lower-case 'R' in Red.
What problem is this trying to solve? 
A: The problem is that 'color' used to be assigned to only one specific input.
Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you use some other capitalization scheme (i.e., “RED” or “reD“)?
A: The program will count those as incorrect. 


Open main5.py. What do you expect line 11 to do? 
A: Line 11 is using the function color.lowercase() to validate whether or not the input is correct. 
What problem is it trying to solve? 
A: By creating the new function, the program can check whether or not the response is lower-case.
Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you add spaces before or after the word (i.e., “  RED  “ or “ red”)?
A: If spaces are placed before or after the input, the program will count it as incorrect.


Open main6.py. How is line 11 different than main5.py? 
A: Line 11 adds a '.strip()' exstention to the function.
What would you guess .strip() is doing? 
A: I would assume that .strip() takes away the spaces, thus allowing only what was typed to be read.
Run the program and answer the question. Is there another way of writing “red” that will break this logic?
A: If when typing 'red', you decide to add a space between each letter, it will break the logic. ('r e d')


Open main7.py. Before running this program, how do you expect this to be different than main6.py? 
A: This program is different than the previous because it now accepts another color, 'pink', and will give another response based on that input.
What is the purpose of line 11? 
A: The purpose of line 11 is to assign 'color' to the function 'color.lower().strip()', because it cleans up the code by offering the ability to use that large function simply by calling 'color'.
Run the program and answer the question.



Open main8.py. What is the purpose of line 11? 
A: The purpose of line 11 is to allow the program to continually ask the question until the conditon is met.
Why are lines 12–19 indented? 
A: Lines 12-19 are indented because they are part of a 'while' loop.
Run the program. What would happen if line 12 were moved before line 11 (and no longer indented)? 
A: It would only ask the question once and would likely stop the program after an input is recorded.
Make that change and run the program again. To end any Python program, you can type ctrl-c.



Open main9.py. What is happening on line 12? 
A: On line 12, the 'while' loop is established to give the program a conditional. 
What is the purpose of “count”? 
A: Count will keep track of how many attempts it takes for the user to guess the right answer.
What is happening on line 22? 
A: Line 22 takes 'count' and prints a statement telling you how many tries it took the user.
Run the program.


*Extra credit:* open main10.py. Add a comment to each line describing what it is doing (a comment follows a pound sign [#]). 

Commit your changes and push them back to the repository. 

Did you do the extra credit?
A: No :/